hey guys welcome back to thfe my name is
Edwin also know what a solid snicky and
today I'm not going to talk to you guys
about the Knicks thfe for a back weekend
which is going to be taking place this
weekend from Friday to 24 fill October
free sunday to 26 now you guys want to
get in on that action that is fabulous
so first off we're gonna have this is on
drill he'll be hosting on friday at
seven thirty p.m. eastern standard time
play some hill for iso minigame some
flood on saturday we have swash he will
be playing on a yellow 44 p.m. eastern
standard time playing some minigames and
some fluid because we're gonna make this
all spooky like now we got Charles stood
which would be the lobby right after
swashes at 645pm eastern standard time
once again planned some minigames and
some flood so you guys want to get your
ass pic on there's some good lobby to
join on Sunday we have two competitive
lobbies oh my god we've got evil sir
thomas you'll be hosting a free hour
long lobby from 3pm you switch down a
time through 6 p.m. eastern standard
time plus I'm here for and something
minion he will email so throwing some
flood so if you guys are you know
looking to get your pic on once again be
sure to join his Lobby get some
competitive action in theirs will
finally we have flying shoe in real life
well I r l to be exact he'll be hosting
a once again he loved for 5 p.m. eastern
standard time place on big team battle
now if you guys are like warthog puns
and massive fag puns be sure to report
to that Lobby immediately we'll play
some hockey games okay that's what
Apple's young as I once again we have
one final lobby to the nines but we
don't exactly know the time frame for
that lovely and that is pants he will be
hosting at an unknown time at this
moment on plans on hill for he will be
playing some flood so once again if you
guys want to get all spooky and get in
the halloween mood be sure to hop on
gila for and we will definitely get into
healing for ya Kilauea mood for you so
if you guys want to go ahead and sign up
those lobbies be sure to do that
immediately there's one final thing i'm
not gonna mention guys currently because
the master chief collection is launching
we're having a little bit of trouble
trying to think of a nice unique miam
for the throwback weekends so if you
guys want to go ahead and submit some
cool names that we could use for
robach weekend be sure to comment down
below or you could posting a fret over
in hill or customs we will link that as
well as all of the lobbies in the
description below so be sure to go ahead
and check that out once again guys hi
van solace Nikki also know what is edwin
and i shall speak to you guys next time
later guys